--- Terminal ---

Jack Komaroff 

1. What is one advantage of using a text-based interface over a graphical one?

It requires less bandwidth than a graphical based interface that would have images and fonts. The text has the lowest amount of bandwidth needed to load. 

2. What is the difference between a relative path and an absolute path?

Absolute path will start from the root, whereas a relative path starts from the current directory.

3. Which terminal command tells you which folder you're currently in?

"pwd"

4. Which terminal command moves you to your parent directory?

"cd .."

5. What is one advantage of using a terminal-based text editor (like Emacs) over a program like TextEdit?

In terminal, you can't make a side-by-side window open up. In emacs, you can open multiple windows above, and to the side of the current window, a very helpful tool.

--- Basic Java ---
1. Can one variable hold more than one value?

Yes, an array can hold more than one value. 

2. Why do you need to compile Java code before you can run it?

We compile java code so it can be transferred into a language that can be properly read by our computer, from source code to machine code.

3. Which terminal command compiles a Java file?

"javac file.java"

4. What is the file extension of a compiled Java file?

A compiled java file, has a ".class" extension. 

5. How do you indicate a line comment? What about a block comment?

Line comments are 

//comment here

Block comments are 

/*
*comment
*comment
*comment
*/

--- Loops and Arrays ---
1. Describe a situation when you would use a while loop instead of a for loop.

If you want to make a loop with a boolean condition, instead of a loop up until a certain number. For example, while (boolean is true), run this code.

2. If you are using a for loop to go through an array, and you run into an Index Out of Bounds Exception, how would you fix it?

This means that your loop is going above the amount of indexes in the array, so you need to set the limit of the for loop to be "i<array.length". This means that the for loop will  run until it hits the final index in the array. 

3. Can you put different types into one array?

No, each array can only have one type. Ex. double array, int array etc.

4. How do you access a specific element of an array?

If an array is called "nums", and the element is "I", nums[i] will yield the element.
ex. nums[0] --> 32
ex. nums[99] --> 439

5. Can the length of an array change once it's made?

No, the length is permanent.

--- Classes ---

1. What does private/public mean?

Public means that the method can be accessed by anyone, for a private method, you can only access it by using a getter or a setter. 

2. Describe a situation when you wouldn't want to write a setter.

If you want a value to be unchanged, for example your password, you would not wan't a setter, which would allow someone to change your password. 

3. What is the difference between a variable, an object, and a class?

A variable can change, but an object is an instance of a class. A class is a template to create an object. 

4. Can you have multiple instances of the same class?

Yes, you can have instance variables for many different things.

5. Describe a situation when you would want to have a default constructor.

If a user is making an account, a default constructer could set their preferences to default and set default information that will later be replaced. 